Thanking Potato for its contribution. (#448)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/potato.md

## Potato

> No potato was harmed during the production of this specification. We thank potato for its contribution in the creation of this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No starchy root vegetables were harmed during the production of this specification. We thank potato for its contribution in the creation of this specification.
```
Minimizing use of term in its own description. Very serious.

Author: Totally doing this. Added out of this commit however because we changed a few things.

Author: @aqu-erp check it out now
